# CS340
How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
-Creating a CRUD python file will be able to create, run, update, and delete databases. Workin with the Crud files will help with running the database and which ever database you are using can work with a CRUD py file. If you need to change what the CRUD py file would do you can change that py file. Whenever a database needs to update or get created I can use this CRUD py for reference. 
How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
--I need to make sure that I would fully understand the requirements of the requirements. I would then see what type of database i will be working with and understand the info I will have to use, create or update. I will have to make sure that I can connect to the database and succesfully be able to use CRUD.
What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
I think that Computer Science help work with the companies technology part. They help whith the communications through databases and programming. Many companies would rely on the technology part of their work since technology is greatly improving and is the most common thing that many users use. In this project we helped the company create a greate way to get animal rescue and find animals in need of rescue. Without this technology if would be a bit more difficult to find.
